Make local website frontend

Unit Tests:
1. Does the website load:
   - Test: Verify that the main page loads successfully.
   - Expected Result: The main page returns a status code of 200.

2. Does the front end input accept files:
   - Test: Upload a sample resume file through the front end input.
   - Expected Result: The file is successfully uploaded and the correct response is returned.

3. Does the front end output give files:
   - Test: Request the generated resume file from the front end output.
   - Expected Result: The file is successfully downloaded and matches the expected output format.

Get the API to work (not based on a user story but extremely important regardless)

Unit Tests:
1. Do we have access to the API
2. Does the API properly read the input
3. Does the API distinguish between resume and cover letter


On the landing page, make a dropdown menu to specify inputting a CV/Resume.

1. Does the dropdown display multiple options
2. Does the dropdown display correct options
3. Does the dropdown close properly


On the landing page, make a dropdown menu to specify outputting a CV/Resume.

1. Does the dropdown display multiple options
2. Does the dropdown display correct options
3. Does the dropdown close properly

Create a nonfile user input for additional information

1. Is the textbox visible
2. Does the textbox accept input
3. Does the textbox pass the input to backend correctly

API can do keyword extraction on input

1. Does the API output expected keywords from standardized input
2. Does the API properly read input for keyword extraction
3. Does the API gracefully handle unexpected inputs

API can perform sentiment analysis

1. Does the API output expected sentiment from standardized input
2. Does the API properly read input for sentiment analysis
3. Does the API gracefully handle unexpected inputs

API can compare keywords with job description

1. Does the API output expected keywords from the job description 
2. Does the API properly read input for job description
3. Does the API gracefully handle unexpected inputs


